I’m a big believer in giving back,
it is something my parents instilled in me early on
and I take pride in helping people as part of my career.
After spending a few years at the Tax department in a private sector company,
I was ready to jump into the diverse opportunities EY has to offer.
I was especially inspired by EY Ripples,
which gave me the chance to use my skills, knowledge and experience
to help make a positive impact in the community where I work.
I worked with a local impact entrepreneur to help improve their finance function.
It was amazing to see how my work made a difference
– it ultimately helped the business to grow
and create new jobs for the underserved groups in the community.
Leveraging on the experiences that I had gained from this project,
I later had a chance to take on a mobility assignment
where I helped a client to implement technology to improve processes
and save time on a tax return preparation during a three month stint in Argentina.
Now, without formal and informal training at EY,
I don’t believe that I would have been able to grow in my career
and at the same time impact those around me today.
I want to further develop my skills in Global Compliance & Reporting services,
with the ultimate goal to become a Tax Account Leader.
So, I’m pursuing a Robotic process automation badge,
to provide me the insights
to support my clients in embracing the benefits of emerging technologies
and ultimately serve as a true business advisor.
I am really lucky to have found such a rewarding place to grow.